24.11 (#305)
ankitects/anki-manual: src/deck-options.md

time in **Seconds to show question for** and/or **Seconds to show answer for**. Then, in the
review screen, use the Auto Advance action from the **More** button to start advancing.

## Easy Days

If you want to spend less time on Anki on some days of the week, such as Sundays, this feature can help you do that.
After the optimal interval is calculated, it will be adjusted by a small amount to change the due date.

> Note that setting all days to "Reduced" or "Minimum" will result in the same workload as setting all days to "Normal".

Author: 1 and 2. No, it's not FSRS-specific.
3. Yes, that's what it looks like.

> After the optimal interval is calculated, it will be adjusted by a small amount to change the due date.

Author: I removed it

Note that setting all days to "Reduced" or "Minimum" will result in the same workload as setting all days to "Normal".

> This feature works with both FSRS and the legacy SM-2 algorithm.

Reviewer: Do we even need to document this?

Author: Yes, this is important. Some people might assume that it's FSRS-specific.

Reviewer 2: I personally don't see the need, as the options screen automatically hides/shows options as FSRS is toggled. But I don't feel strongly about it.

Compute minimum recommended retention (CMRR) attempts to find the desired retention value that leads to the most material learnt, in the least amount of time. The calculated number can serve as a reference when deciding what to set your desired retention to. You may wish to choose a higher desired retention, if you’re willing to trade more study time for a greater retention rate. However, setting your desired retention lower than the minimum is not recommended, as you'll spend more time studying than necessary, due to increased forgetting.

### The Simulator

In the latest version of Anki, you can use the simulator to get an estimate of your workload,
either in reviews per day or in minutes of studying per day.

> 'Days to simulate' controls the duration of the simulated study history. 'Additional new cards to simulate' 

Reviewer: I would say use bold for these and not single quotes.

> controls whether the simulator should simulate more cards being created. For example, if you currently have 100 cards under this preset,

Reviewer: How about something like:

```suggestion
controls whether the simulator should simulate more cards than what already exists under this preset. For example, if you currently have 100 cards under this preset,
```

and you set 'Additional new cards to simulate' to 50, the simulator will simulate a total of 150 cards. 'New cards/day' and 'Maximum reviews/day' control
how many new cards will be learned each day and the maximum number of reviews per day. 'Maximum interval' controls the maximum interval length (in days).

> The simulator relies on your FSRS parameters and cannot be used if FSRS is disabled.

Reviewer: It's already called FSRS simulator so do we need to tell this?

I think telling people what other settings in the preset affect the simulation is helpful, though.

Compute minimum recommended retention (CMRR) attempts to find the desired retention value that leads to the most material learnt, in the least amount of time. The calculated number can serve as a reference when deciding what to set your desired retention to. You may wish to choose a higher desired retention, if you’re willing to trade more study time for a greater retention rate. However, setting your desired retention lower than the minimum is not recommended, as you'll spend more time studying than necessary, due to increased forgetting.

### The Simulator

> In the latest version of Anki, you can use the simulator to get an estimate of your workload,

Reviewer 2: Everything in the manual applies to the latest version of Anki (except when it's out of date), so this prefix doesn't really seem to add value.

```suggestion
You can use the simulator to get an estimate of your workload,
```

either in reviews per day or in minutes of studying per day.

> **Days to simulate** controls the duration of the simulated study history. **Additional new cards to simulate** 

Reviewer 2: These all run together in a paragraph, and would be better separated into list elements like some other sections of this page.

> controls whether the simulator should simulate more cards than what already exists under this preset. For example, if you currently have 100 cards under this preset,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
controls whether the simulator should simulate more cards than this preset already has. For example, if you currently have 100 cards under this preset,
```

and you set **Additional new cards to simulate** to 50, the simulator will simulate a total of 150 cards. **New cards/day** and **Maximum reviews/day** control
how many new cards will be learned each day and the maximum number of reviews per day. **Maximum interval** controls the maximum interval length (in days).

> To make the simulation as realistic as possible, the simulator takes into account real memory states (difficulty, stability, retrievability) of your cards as opposed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make the simulation as realistic as possible, the simulator takes into account the real memory state (difficulty, stability, retrievability) of your cards.
```

Author: Each card has its own memory state, so the plural form (states) makes more sense, no?

Reviewer 2: I'm not a grammar expert, but to me it reads more naturally, as the word is attached to the singular 'memory', and sentences should read the same if parenthetical passages are removed.

Reviewer 2: And having written that, I'm now second-guessing myself. If nobody agrees, feel free to leave it. :-)

Reviewer: It's about count noun versus mass noun. So, you wouldn't say states of affair because state is mass noun here. But, in our case I feel memory state is a countable thing and not an uncountable singular concept.

> to assuming that you start from zero, which is the assumption in CMRR. It also uses your FSRS parameters and the value of desired retention, therefore 

Reviewer 2: Is this part worth saying?

```suggestion
It also uses your FSRS parameters and the value of desired retention, therefore 
```

Author: I think so

Reviewer: I would favour dropping it. We should trim down fat from the docs. If you print it, it's like 200 pages which is too long.

contribute to long-term memory, so your time is
better spent on other cards or a shorter study session.

> In the latest version of Anki you can let FSRS control short-term scheduling by leaving the (re)learning steps field empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can let FSRS control short-term scheduling by leaving the (re)learning steps field empty.
```

Reviewer 2: This is an experimental feature, so I think we should either clearly mark it as such, or avoid mentioning it yet.

Author: I think we should mention it just to increase the number of people who use it, which could increase the rate at which bugs are discovered

> Note that just because FSRS-5 *can* give you intervals shorter than one day doesn't necessarily mean that it *will*. Your **Again** interval can be one day long or even longer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that just because FSRS-5 *can* give you intervals shorter than one day doesn't necessarily mean that it *will*. Your **Again** interval can be one day long, or even longer.
```

contribute to long-term memory, so your time is
better spent on other cards or a shorter study session.

> In the latest version of Anki you can let FSRS control short-term scheduling by leaving the (re)learning steps field empty.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the latest version of Anki you can let FSRS control short-term scheduling by leaving the (re)learning steps field empty. This is an experimental feature.
```
